  All_About_Your_64-Online-Help V0.64 THELP-Version
 ===================================================

   done in 1995-2005 by Ninja/The Dreams


The neccessary stuff...
------------------------

Though I tried to make this project as error-free as possible, I can't
guarantee that there aren't any mistakes left. So I am not responsible
for any loss of source-code or damaged hardware or anything else. If
you use it, you do it at your own risk!!
But now to something more pleasant. All_About_Your_64 (AAY64) is hereby
declared as FREEWARE. I still have the copyright for it, but you are
not only allowed but even asked to distribute it as long as you don't
want too much money for it (around $2). If you want to include it on a
CDROM, please give me a note. You can EMail me at: ninja@the-dreams.de

To get the newest AAY64, AAY1541 or AAY1581 in THELP-, HTML- or
ASCII-format, just check:

 http://www.the-dreams.de

What is AAY64?
---------------
There was a time when it really annoyed me that the information I
needed for coding was very well scattered over different books which
were very well scatterd over my room. Because I was already using a
cross-assembler system, I got the idea of making an online-help as I
knew them from different PC-programming-languages. After a little
research work I found out that Borland's THELP was the tool to use
because it's pretty small and uses at least little compression for the
help file (it's unbelievable how memory-wasting other help-file systems
are, ugh :( ). Of course, at the beginning it was pretty small. I only
included the stuff I always forget. But over the years I managed to
include this and that idea so it's now at the present state. Sure, it's
far away from being perfect or complete or anything, but I release this
version now, cause it might help one or another people doing nice stuff
for our favourite computer, the C64! If you want some special info
being added or found a bug, please let me know. This project became too
large for me to maintain it on my own. You may also write, if you are
simply using AAY64 and want to encourage me. :)

About THELP.COM
----------------
As mentioned before you need THELP.COM for this help-file. It's obvious
that I can't distribute with this archive, because it's copyrighted
software from Borland International. But it is used in nearly every of
their DOS-based languages, so it should be easy to get it. You can use
version 2.1 or, which I recommend, 3.0. THELP 2.1 has only a small
window (the pages were designed for 80 columns) and it can't switch
the helpfile (to AAY1541 for example) by pressing <ALT>+<F>. You have
to do this via TH21INST.BAT, but I'll talk about this later. The newer
version has also a little disadvantage, but I included a patch
'TH3PTCH.COM' which should get rid of this problem (read the info
screen there). Please check at first if THELP is compatible with your
system. I encountered some problems with 4DOS but couldn't trace them,
because DOS-memory-allocation-conflicts are just too much for me (I'm
still a C64-Coder!). So play around a little with THELP & AAY64 and see
if your system will crash or not, before starting to do some serious
work. (Sadly I found a THELP3.0 in Borland C++ 3.1 which was different
from my TurboPascal 6.0-version, e.g. it crashed also! What did they do
at Borland?? :(().

By the way I have some German documentation of this helpfile-structure,
so if you want to make a better THELP or a similar program on a
different platform (Amiga, Unix, C64??), then again leave me a mail.


Installing AAY64
-----------------
This one is very simple. First copy all files of this archive and your
THELP version into one directory. If you want to use THELP V2.1, then
change filenames and paths in TH21INST.BAT and start it once (use
TH21IN-M.BAT for mono colors). For version 3.0 edit paths and filenames
in THELP.CFG (THELP-M.CFG for mono) with an ASCII-editor. Note that you
can rename THELP 3.0 as long as the COM- and config-file have equal
names, for example: THELP3.COM, THELP3.CFG. THELP 2.1 doesn't care
about its name at all. I also suggest starting the patch TH3PTCH.COM,
otherwise THELP3 won't be able to find strings like 'lDa' or 'LdA' but
only 'lda' from the index list on starting up. This is it! Run THELP
and press the default hotkey <CTRL>+<F1> and you'll see the main menu
or a specific page depending on the cursor being on a known string. If
you don't like the default colors then you can change the /C-parameters
in the batch or config file. Use the following table:

       /C0xy | Border Color
       /C2xy | Text Color
       /C4xy | Button Color
       /C6xy | Invers Button Color
       /C8xy | Highlighted Text Color
          ^^
          |` y means foreground color
          `- x means background color

You can also redefine the start-up hotkey using the /K-parameter. Add
the scan-code of your favourite key and you're done. If you need more
infos then type 'THELP /?' for a little description.

Greetings
----------
Big thanks fly to Marcus Groeber for his public domain
HelpFile-Compiler, though it needed some bugfixes to deal with files of
my size. :)

Also thanks to Borland International for inventing THELP. It could be a
little more stable (memory crashes), but in general it's okay. Of
course, THELP is their registered trademark.

And finally I want to thank all the people who released textfiles
describing C64 specifications, so I could use them as my basics. If I
had to translate everything into English on my own, this project would
have taken centuries... I'd like to give you specific credits, but in
most cases there was no name given. But your work was very important,
so again 'Thank you'!

And now go on coding (perhaps with the help of AAY64)...

                                                     ninja@the-dreams.de
